# Steps to run

vagrant up 

vagrant ssh

git clone https://github.com/Coffee-Powered/NDN-RPC.git

cd NDN-RPC/testbed

make run TASK="sprintlink fwh" CLI=(variable) SRV=(variable) (optional)SIZE=(variable)

# How to configure the simulation

<ul>
<item>Change CLI, SRV and SIZE to whatever you want (max nodes: 315)</item>
<item>Deleting the SIZE variable will cause the script to default to using the full network size.</item>
</ul>

# Test simulation

## Running a test

A test can be performed in relatively little time, adding "time" to the start of the make command showed this test takes around 7 mi>
<ol>
<item>cd NDN-RPC/testbed</item>
<item>make run TASK="sprintlink fwh" CLI=1 SRV=1 SIZE=10</item>
<item><ul>
<item>Wait for the script to emulate the network and initiate the application on client and server.</item>
<item>The experiment is running when the output reads "Timer set for 300 seconds." (this gives the experiment time to perform before><item>Experiment should conclude with strings that read something like "All hosts have completed." and "Hosts encountered errors." (>
<item>The errors being highlighted in this context is usually caused by tcpdump outputting strings to stderr.</item>
</ul></item>
<item>cd logs</item>
<item><ul>
<item>The logs generated by the experiment should be stored here.</item>
<item>For this test simulation, there should be .out and .err files for s5 (node 5, the server) and c4 (node 4, the client).</item>
<item>Using vim or nano, you can open either of the .out files which contains all the recorded output of the experiment from the per>
</ul></item>
</ol>

## Expected results.

The .out files are the main method of observing the experiment.

Opening c4.out will show:
<ul>
<item>A print out of ifconfig for that host (was for checking the existence of duplicate links).</item>
<item>Statements from the prefix search loop as it waits for RPC names to reach its FIB table.</item>
<item>Statements where it is about create an Interest for a random RPC it detected.</item>
<item>Print outs of Data packets it received back.</item>
<item>Statements about advertising itself as an param server.</item>
<item>Print outs of Interests it received requesting params.</item>
<item>A statement that reads "End of Script."
</ul>

Opening s5.out will show:
<ul>
<item>A print out of ifconfig for that host (was for checking the existence of duplicate links).</item>
<item>Statements about the advertisement of its functions.</item>
<item>Print outs of Interests it received requesting RPC.</item>
<item>Statements about sending replies back to callers.</item>
<item>Statements where it is about create Interests to obtain params for RPC calls it receives.</item>
<item>Print outs of Data packets it received back.</item>
<item>A statement that reads "End of Script."
</ul>

